chore: add capabilities.md with cap reference docs (#160)
web3-storage/w3protocol: spec/services.md

# Service definitions

> This doc collects RPC interface definitions for the `w3-protocol` services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This doc collects RPC interface definitions for the `w3protocol` services.
```
